what's going on guys talkers game is
back again to give you another theory of
five nights at freddy's 2 this is kind
of a tutorial for you guys to do and
also we're going to talk about it as
well how to summon the marionettes
illusions when it escapes from its music
box you can do this on any night but if
you've got 97 that's easiest way to do
because you can get rid of all the
animatronics pot from foxy all you need
to do is wait for the marionette to
escape from its music box then go on to
any camera from 7 10 4 or 2 and keep
flushing your control lights over and
over again and you should eventually see
an illusion of the marionette in three
different forms I tried to do this in
all of the rooms but it appeared to be
only come 1074 and - apparently it was
only come 7 7 and - apparently able to
get this but I got in cam 10 and 4 as
well from my video of just put up
earlier here are the three different
forms of the marionette in the camera
one of them is where you can see its
full body it looks like it's actually
floating in the air the second one is
where it's full face is looking at the
camera and the final form is where it's
actually looking at the camera again but
slightly tilting upwards now because we
don't know whether it's an elucidation
or a ghost it's very hard to speculate
is the marionette a ghost is the
marionette not an animatronic at all or
and has got an endoskeleton because it
seems to be very skinny to fit inside a
robot and endoskeleton inside of that
costume so it could possibly be a ghost
or it's you mind playing tricks on you
with the camera would only spawns when
it escapes the music box so it is
possible that this marionette could be a
ghost so what do you guys think do you
think that when the music box opens and
the marionette escapes you think it's an
elucidation or whether it's actually a
ghost
let me know your opinions of the
comments guys all of your opinions mean
a lot to me because it makes me
understand some of the theories and it
also helps you guys understand the
theories thank you for watching please
like and subscribe for my new channel
about these theories and remember keep
these five nights at freddys fear is
coming